[Music]
you
be a grand event however even when
people plan it down to the last detail
something inevitably doesn't go the way
they wanted to
it's the embarrassments and mix-ups that
make a wedding truly unforgettable here
are 13 of the most amusing things that
happen to people on their big day
honestly we left like drains it's Story
number eight let's see which one will
make you smile during our wedding
ceremony the moment came when our rings
were brought to us first my husband put
the ring on my finger then with an
elegant gesture I took his ring from the
box and began pushing it onto his finger
it wouldn't fit it got to the knuckle
but wouldn't go any further it was too
small I started panicking everyone was
watching me trying to force a tiny ring
unto his finger with mounting
desperation I tried putting it on his
little finger but it didn't work then
miraculously
with one final rough push I squeezed it
onto his third finger the cameraman
managed to capture the whole struggle in
detail for our wedding moving
[Music]
I always made fun of my friend because
she got married to the same person three
times three times guys yet in a week's
time I'm getting married for the second
time to my ex-wife
my best friend is getting married soon
and while I was riding the bus recently
I began rehearsing the speech I intended
to give at the wedding I ended up
getting more than a little carried away
from a bystanders perspective the scene
would have looked something like this a
young woman looking out of a dim window
not a sound coming from her but she's
clearly very emotional her lips are
trembling and there are tears in her
eyes at the same time she's got a goofy
smile on her face
I have emerged from my stupor only when
a man's sitting opposite me asked if I
was feeling okay I looked around and
everyone on the bus was eyeing me
wearily for some reason I only really
understood why later on it turns out the
final stop on that bus Row is a mental
hospital there were a lot of children at
our wedding
smartly dressed boys and girls we let
two of them carry the long veil of my
wedding dress when my groom and I
entered the hall for the registration
ceremony I suddenly felt that I couldn't
go forward there was some kind of huge
weight bearing down on me it seems the
two boys would assign the special task
two had grabbed hold of my veil along
with a third boy and decided to pull me
in the opposite direction there were a
few more children waiting in line to
also have a go once they'd finished
their ride I tried to push forward but
the little angels combined strength
meant I ended up slipping and falling
flat on my back
you
she was the happiest girl in the world
running here and there for two months
making all the arrangements she invited
practically everyone she knew to the
wedding friends relatives acquaintances
even neighbors she spent a ton of money
and found herself a great big puffy
wedding dress everything was worked out
down to the last detail and of course
she had a wonderful photographer lined
up the big day finally arrived somehow
she'd managed to get stung by a wasp on
her upper lip the result a wedding
featuring a bride with a huge puffy face
a skin rash from her allergic reaction
and eyes red with tears anyway they've
been happily married for nearly
credibly beautiful ring clip-on earrings
and a necklace they were all made of
plastic though I was 5 years old when I
went to kindergarten everyone was in awe
of me one of the boys proposed to me and
we were married after lunch our marriage
didn't last very long a week later my
friend turned up a kindergarten with
metal jewelry her mom had bought her my
love crazed husband swiftly proposed to
her as well thank got my revenge by
throwing my plastic jewelry at them
during their wedding that's when I first
learned the truth about men
we were in a rush to get to our friends
wedding we ran into the hall just at the
moment that they were declared husband
and wife the only problem was that it
wasn't the couple we were looking for
but there was now nowhere for us to hide
to blend in we sat down in the first row
to bear witness to the rest of these
complete strangers wedding ceremony the
bride and groom both cast questioning
glances at us it turned out that our
friends were next in line to be married
in the same Hall obviously we stayed for
their ceremony as well noticing that we
were still in the same seats the
Registrar asked us so have you got a
season ticket or something
we wanted to release some doves at our
wedding however when the moment came
instead of gracefully soaring into the
sky the birds decided to stay huddled
together in their cage the cage was
tipped over the door turned downward and
shaken the poor doves fell out one by
one but refused to fly off and instead
sat on the ground sulking my husband was
in such a panic that he started shouting
at them they just ran off to a different
spot as if they were chickens one of
them then climbed onto my husband's arm
and relieved itself before he had time
to get it off our guests were by now
hooting with laughter they say it's bad
luck if the birds refused to fly away
but that's turned out to be nonsense
we're still happily married twelve years
later
you